README.md, before:

This is a package with a bash-script as well as other default-styled files for a newly created Django Project. 
This was developed to speed up django-project creation. In many cases you need to do the exact same setup to begin with,
and this is meant to turn thirty-to-sixty minutes of setting up the config yourself into a less-than-a-minute automated setup.

Pro-Tip: If you know nothing of Django, learn to set up a project manually first. This software does not help a new person learn how to use django, 
it simply saves time for the people who already have some knowledge.

## How to Run

git clone git@doggonet.campus.ltu.se:devdoggo/django-advanced-template.git<br />
cd django-advanced-template<br />
chmod +x setup.sh<br />

./setup.sh <br />
or <br />
. ./setup.sh<br />
(Option two will put your terminal current directory to the created project's)

Note: The input you give in the setup.sh script must be perfectly correct and useable, 
because there is no form of correctness-checking performed at all.
It is assumed that you don't want to sabotage and break your own project. :)

# Dependencies
Python Virtualenv<br />
A linux-based terminal with Bash scripting

Commit message:

Project is now ready for public use. More additions and features will probably come around but for now, I'm glad to say the functionality is more than enough to be released.

README.md, after:

This is a package with a bash-script as well as other default-styled files for a newly created Django Project. 
This was developed to speed up django-project creation. In many cases you need to do the exact same setup to begin with,
and this is meant to turn thirty-to-sixty minutes of setting up the config yourself into a less-than-a-minute automated setup.

Pro-Tip: If you know nothing of Django, learn to set up a project manually first. This software does not help a new person learn how to use django, 
it simply saves time for the people who already have some knowledge.

## How it Works
You're asked to give Projectname, Appname, Local Debug-IP and Port. That's all!
After that, the Django-setup will be fully automated! You'll be ready to run the application straight of the back with run.sh file created in the project!

## How to Run

git clone git@doggonet.campus.ltu.se:devdoggo/django-advanced-template.git<br />
cd django-advanced-template<br />
chmod +x setup.sh<br />

./setup.sh <br />
or <br />
. ./setup.sh<br />
(Option two will put your terminal current directory to the created project's)

Note: The input you give in the setup.sh script must be perfectly correct and useable, 
because there is no form of correctness-checking performed at all.
It is assumed that you don't want to sabotage and break your own project. :)

# Dependencies
Python Virtualenv<br />
A linux-based terminal with Bash scripting
